Feng Group
That's right, the richest man in Haicheng has closed his house
that since
However, people like you will never reach it in your lifetime
Really? I'd like to see you in three days
How did your Song family sign a contract with Feng?
Of course you can.
You'd better get out of here
Our Song family does not welcome such poverty and misery as yours.
Just go
Nan Ge
you
Great, great.
I have a daddy
Daddy Daddy Hug
Zhao Zhao, I am honored to be your father
But daddy has something to say to your mommy
Can you go there and play first?
Oh, I understand.
I'll make room for you two right away
Go ahead and play
I didn't expect you to be Chao Chao's biological father
I see the stars as big as the morning.
Did you have a girlfriend after that?
It's also so old for children
Where do stars come from without an object?
I don't have a girlfriend
This is also the question I want to ask you
Ask me what?
The stars are my daughters
Before I met you
I didn't have sex with any woman
That star was kidnapped by kidnappers 5 years ago
Say it's my child
I didn't believe him.
But they sent a paternity test
Later, I redeemed my kiss back.
She is indeed my daughter
Also your daughter
Thanks.
It's my daughter.
Yeah so I wanted to ask you
Why did you give him to the kidnappers?
I didn't give him to the kidnappers.
I gave birth to twins in the hospital
The doctor said my sister was born stillborn
I thought that was it
These years
I always thought it was you who traded him for wealth
So I don't trust women very much
How could I possibly sell a child?
Even if I starve to death
It's impossible to sell children
Sorry, I misunderstood before.
I have a confession to make.
Now I'm not a brick mover.